over 70 million bottles in the u.s.
invented father's widened grave not
everyone knows who their father is for
40 years
we thought we did until today I wasn't
sure who your father was how does that
work the crazy
everybody was high in Oh
monogamy wasn't exactly a priority Wow
always wondered where I got my zest for
lovemaking now we know our fathers been
out there this whole time operation
who's your daddy the top mission is
signing dad submission is gonna be
having Stone Crabs mission below that
getting you laid mom actually dated
Terry Bradshaw do you remember a woman
named Helen Baxter talk about a blast
from the past
she had the tightest ass you've ever
seen and a set of tits you really know
how to use them you know what I mean she
had a mouth I mean that tongue almost
cost us the Superbowl she's our mom why
did you just stop this foolishness this
is it what are you doing here anything
were your sons excuse me for a minute
he runs hot just like you give the man a
ride he could easily be a serial killer
got a nervous Nellie beard are you a
serial killer I am NOT a serial killer
you just emphasize the word serial like
I'm a killer but I'm not a serial killer
but I was totally unintentional I'm not
a killer we can give you a ride but
those aren't too tight are they almost
kill you
[Music]
who was that I think it was a person the
universe has a tendency to point in the
right direction of gifts guys my negro
spider sense is tingling
does the name Helen Baxter ring a bell
it does more than ring a bell
I think I just came my pass no damn man
that woman go she was like a dick
whisperer
she's our mom all we did was cook hey
you want to see someone who can catch
hit me on a Bob go go
[Music]